Forum level explained

At the heart of any bulletin board system are its bulletin boards: the
place where public messages are posted. On Warp Six, boards are called forums;
they are sometimes known as conferences or other more imaginative names on
other systems.  It's in the forums that members share their knowledge, wit and
charm.

You can tell you're in a forum by the "Forum (2) : " prompt.  The "2"
(in this case) indicates you are in forum 2.

Once in a forum, pressing Return will read you the first "new" message you
haven't read, or will tell you there are no more new messages. If you hit
Return after being told there are no more new messages, the system will take
that as a command to move you to the next forum.

Each forum remembers the message you read there last, and will start from
the next message (if any) the next time you press Return on that forum.

Valuable feature: pressing the spacebar will abort the current message; hitting
Return will abort it and send a Return to the software, which will either read
the next message immediately, or let you know there are no more new
messages. (When reading, you need not take your hand away from the Return key
at all!)

As usual, Control-S will pause any bulletin in progress; Control-Q or
Return will continue.

C)ontinously read new bulletins

Puts you in continuous mode, which you can abort with the spacebar.

P)ost public bulletin in this forum

Lets you add a message to the forum. Normally when asked who to post to, you
can say "All". If, however, you are posting a reply to the message you just
read, you can hit Return to accept that author's name as the default "To:". You
will also be prompted for a subject. If you hit Return there, the system will
assume you don't want to post anything.

M)ail letter to author of current msg.

Similar to post, but allows you to compose a private message to be sent
via electronic mail.

D)elete a bulletin

Allows you to delete any bulletins you have posted.

A)djust bulletin pointer / list

This valuable feature lets you tell the system what bulletin to read next, and
lets you see the titles of bulletins.

L)ast (prior) bulletin

Reads the bulletin prior to the one you just read, in effect letting you read
bulletins in reverse order.

R)epeat bulletin last read

-self-explanatory-


N)ext forum

Sends you to the next forum.

F)orum selector

Allows you to select another forum.

Q)uit to main

Returns you to the main menu.

O)ff (logoff system)

Disconnects you from the BBS.
