Transfer Section Explained

Warp Six supports the original Xmodem protocol and a number of extensions
that have been added to it over the years. Warp Six supports the following
extensions to Xmodem:

- The 16-bit CRC option, which provides more reliable error checking.

- ASCII Express Pro(tm) ProDOS Extension, which includes ProDOS file info
  during the file transfer.

- Binary II Extension, which includes ProDOS file type and size info during the
  file transfer.

- MacBinary Extension, which includes Macintosh file info *.

- 1K block size option, which allows for faster transfers.

- 4K block size option which allows for even faster transfers on "clean" phone
  lines.

- Ymodem batch SEND (download to user) with or without extensions

* Warp Six can receive files with MacBinary information, but will only
send MacBinary if the file being sent was originally uploaded that way.

When you upload a file to the BBS, it will automatically recognize (or
accept) any of these extensions or allowable combinations. When you
download a file from the BBS, you have to tell the system what kind of Xmodem
file transfer your communications software can support.

If you are a Mac user, do not confuse Binary II with MacBinary -- they are
not the same. When downloading a Macintosh file, just specify normal or
1K Xmodem, depending on the capabilities of your terminal program.
Xmodem 4K is not yet popular in Macintosh communication programs and
therefore is not likely to be recognized by your terminal program.

If you are an Apple II user and your terminal program supports Binary II,
use it for downloading. Binary II ensures the file type, size, creation
and modificaton dates are the same on your copy of the file as the original.
If your terminal software doesn't support Binary II, you can still use it
and have another program like BLU (Binary Library Utility) or ShrinkIt
extract the file complete with its type and other attributes.

When uploading, if you tell the system to recognize Binary II, it will remove
the Binary II header and save the file with its original attributes. For
example, if you upload a file called TEST.BXY and tell the system to
recognize Binary II, the file will be saved as TEST.SHK, as the .SHK file is
what the Binary II header describes.

So, if you use Binary II for uploading, specify the filename the finished file
will have. (In the example, that would be TEST.SHK.) Otherwise the description
you give the file will not match filenames with the file after
uploading.

One final note about Binary II: although the specs for Binary II allow
for multiple files to be sent, the system will refuse to receive a Binary
II archive containing multiple files. For sending many files in one, use a
utility like ShinkIt, which can create a NuFX archive containing multiple
files. For receiving multiple files, you can download via Ymodem.

end.
